Have you been dreaming of owning a home only to be turned down by a bank? You're not alone.
Many hardworking families are denied traditional mortgages every year because of credit challenges,
debt to income ratios, income requirements, or large down payment expectations.
The traditional path to homeownership can feel frustrating, confusing, and out of reach.
But there's a better way. At Home Run Homes, we help people achieve homeownership through
our Rent to Own and Contract for Deed programs. Instead of waiting years to qualify for a
traditional mortgage, you can move into a home now while working toward ownership over time.
Our program gives you the opportunity to build your credit, strengthen your finances,
and create a path to owning the home you already live in. We're a local Oklahoma City company
dedicated to helping real people become homeowners. We focus on possibilities,
not just credit scores. Getting started is simple. First, browse our available homes online. Second,
complete our easy application. Third, get matched with a home that fits your needs. And fourth,
move in and begin your journey toward homeownership. If you've been told no by a bank,
don't give up on your dream. Visit Home Run Homes today and discover a smarter path to owning your
future.